oh my god I need a tan what's up guys
thank you guys so much for waiting I
wanted to go big on this this is the
debut it's directly supported by our
patreon and our YouTube join button so
there's a new credit sequence at the end
I hope you guys enjoy and this all helps
us bring you just more of our show and
in the future and new shows come in this
year thank you guys so much consider
supporting and I hope you guys enjoy the
video check it out
[Music]
dong-hyuk Kakaako Kiara cake you have no
super stand what do you mean Virginia
I'm going
to flight what are you insane
yes
[Music]
for preyas cabbage cuz I'm going to
fight you and I'm going to cute until
you dead
today I have defeated
you big smelly Willy that's what you get
for acting too freaky Virginia seeing a
sandwich only makes it tastier don't let
me see you on mr. play again I'll be
back in TBC Kakarot
[Music]
guys I have always wanted to do a
live-action version of that Oni cartoon
ever since I saw it because I love
everything DBZ even the parodies and I
really do love this game now call me a
mega fanboy if you want that I'm giving
the game too much of the benefit of the
doubt but I grew up watching this series
on Toonami as a kid I've watched and
re-watched the episodes tons of times
I've seen Dragon Ball Dragon Ball Z
Dragon Ball Kai Dragon Ball GT all the
Dragon Ball movies and there's a ton the
OVA is the dive see Dragon Ball super
and I have a ton of merchandise I am
basically the target market for this
game and it's freaking awesome
double Sunday that looks so [__] cool
I love the defamation I love it I love
that but here's the thing if you're a
DBZ fan I highly recommend it if you
aren't well things that's a different
story hell even if you are it's a little
different story because we played this
storyline over and over it goes through
the saying saga to the bat the Buu saga
it's just oh why are we giving this over
and over and over and I have to factor
that here on my show that I'm not just a
mega fan of DBZ ok I need to be a critic
side and sometimes the thing I love
needs tough love and this game needs
tough love because if you're not a DBZ
fan here just an RPG fan you're probably
not gonna enjoy it anywhere near as much
as a fan and and wonder it why this game
plays more like a last gen title we all
you son of a [__] the cars can go there
but I can't go there are some huge
drawbacks for the privilege to do that
play this same story that we played a
thousand times before and that's my main
problem with this game
had it been say the storyline of Dragon
Ball super a story which is fresh and
new and perfect and right for exploring
deeper like never done before that would
have been far more exciting but maybe
they just want to start off everybody
with this game and with the sagas that
we all know and love and maybe we'll
eventually get to that in the sequel
okay well let's look at it what kind of
stuff can we do in this open world
besides the main storyline that we've
done a billion times well there's some
flying around in collecting orbs with
the awkward flying control
in short time your fate will be sealed
Superman all throughout the maps there's
these orbs of different colors and and
rings that you you fly through and just
laying about these you know to level
your guy up and there's reminds me of
another game I played and heard about
it's fine
what isn't fine is the camera it
constantly gets in your way as you play
this is how you use it you'll stay on
him get em what are you doing Joe I hope
Chow should [__] beat you joke
you're tied right now with chalky Joe's
constantly whipping and whipping hard
now we're looking at the back of
Piccolo's so are you saying Joe that
this game has camera problems but you
know what the main part of the game is
combat and it's fun he's got one hell he
still that one he'll finish I told you
finish him off with his mouth that was
it hey this close level up very close a
little simple and it's been in many
other games and it's maybe even more
simple than the other games and it feels
a little samey one button combo spam
with little variation in characters hell
even the Budokai games at some point it
had more combo variations and and throws
which aren't here I love I think the
boss battles are impressive there's a
little sequences the combat is still
simplistic but it's always been
simplistic and DBZ they've kept that
that skill ceiling relatively low so
people of all ages can enjoy these
as you level up you train you learn new
moves you you slop the man you add new
characters to your team that follow you
around on the map and assist you in
battles I like this but these open world
encounters that that you get into really
start to get [__] and knowing after a
while especially because Goku won't shut
up about the way too many random enemies
littering the map my cost of troubling
best to deal with this now might cause
some troubling best to deal with this
now it might cause some troubling best
to deal with this now it started to
revive me of another game might cause
some troubling best to deal with this
now
might cause some trouble in later has
been to me what has now those in is
approaching the generator the generator
enzyme is incompatible with but that
deal with the proton will generate the
generator is easy to power I caused the
trouble and Godzilla's today with this
generally the generator is losing power
is approaching the generator the
generator is losing power
might cause some trouble latest best to
deal with this now here goes the fishing
minigame is trash there's barely any
gear to equip for an RPG is just
unlocking skills when you hit a level
and then fighting your ghost figures to
get them its instead of doing something
interesting we get the constant three
colors of the same robots and Frieza
soldiers and Cybermen ah we don't need
the green ones we need the red ones
reduce to this a babysitter what the
hell are those things
you've already fought them like 30 times
my kids probably got his hands full
right now at least in between the
annoying [__] you you can still meet
some of the supporting cast as the Z
fighters all the characters that we know
and love you could talk to them you
could do a quest for them and add their
so badge to a list of collectibles that
you can then add to a community page
which will level up certain you know
stats depending on how good that person
is in one of the many categories how do
you remember this guy oh okay like
cartoons 25 years ago ya know he was in
the tournament he's the guy who dress up
ma'am he's on this no
no bragging ball this is original Dragon
Ball
ma'am is running into problem with his
carpet business help his people by
helping him yes ma'am
the peddler and hot Dan they are
definitely accurate portrayals of the
anime characters with lot of fanservice
excellent voice acting with most of the
original voice actors piccolo is that
Stern [__] kind of father figure to
Gohan just like we remember Master Roshi
is a perverted old [__] who has you
searched around for his porno magazines
oh hey John I didn't think you'd still
be here
is that from The Master Roshi
uh yeah yeah The Master Roshi skill I
thought we cancelled the Master Roshi
skin are you are you going into my room
yep that's right apparently there's a
whole adult community section and some
adult magazines to collect but don't get
too excited you don't actually get to
see anything but honestly it's
surprisingly you can went there in this
kind of kids game just not anymore and
okay and I know it's not much but I
brought you a gift
[Music]
gotcha babe Wow they're even tastier
than my breakfast and as always Yamcha
is [__] useless and dies all the time
both strikes make me thirsty
[Music]
well thank this sweet bro thank you
right that's right I'm Joe you die
Yoga
your power level go up wouldn't die
but at least he has a high adult
community ready Oh strike see my martial
arts youngja fine it's a private time
anyways the problem here is that most of
these side quests for supporting
characters are barely more than boring
basic [__] fetch quests yeah that's
kinda how I feel when you do these side
quests when somebody asks you for help
stop the robot threat you get a t6
experience how many is that is that a
lot I mean it's more than 85
and there is no denying that the
developers created this rich lush
explorable world filled with old
characters side missions and then kind
of does everything in its power to make
sure you kind of ignore them filling the
game with these Easter eggs for you to
find but unfortunately they're all
filled with [__] dog [__] to me
[Music]
trash but trash in a sidequest
why do you keep inside okay
come on this cyclist is gonna be awesome
I can feel it
and why spend countless hours writing
and developing these quests and putting
them in and and but when you give them
no impact on the game itself when you
turn these in you get a pathetic amount
of experience compared to just following
the main storyline where you get an
insane amount of experience what Jesus
Christ see this executive sacrament I
was hoping that
oh that fortune-teller yeah you killed I
got 141 tawny 141 experience points okay
all you had to do is die and come back
and get a hundred forty three thousand
it's like the team that developed the
side quest had the decimal point for the
reward system two spots away from what
they should we're supposed to be
cracking out all right
hmmm this is gonna be the level of side
quests as it stands now what this game
is is you know the anime and shortened
cutscenes that actually kind of miss
some of my favorite bits on purpose for
time is he gonna say it is he gonna say
it
- come on wait a minute wait a minute
where is the over 9000 that's a zero out
of [__] 1009 thousand out of ten but
joke that was never a thing in Japan yes
smartass but this game released in the
US - what about Vegeta speech - the
androids the breaking of his arm
the the the final flash on sell bubbles
and Gregory on King Kai's planet
you're just abbreviating what is the
[__] point
I'm out
granted it does show flashes of some
pretty epic moments done arguably better
than the animated you know
cartoon itself sort of like the
legendary finishers from Dragonball Z
fighters playtime's over Joe that was
just phase one it's the only good part
obviously the fighting anime dad's not
gonna let his son die
[__] damn that's pretty cool in video
game form but basically that's only
about like five to ten percent of the
time most of the cutscenes are static
boring kind with awkward pauses and
terrible lip-syncing cool where's the
music there's enough Terra zonies agreed
are you sure yes what was this this game
man why is this game so inconsistent you
have to hit that button fast so that I
don't have these awkward [__] pauses
most of the lines in the game aren't
even voiced are you hate it when RPGs do
this look is this a gameboy game or
something seriously I'll kick their
metal butt mm-hmm and then again here
like it is 2020 let me remind you that
is 2020 yeah and being 2020 I should get
full voice acting for my $60 oh yeah I'm
sorry other games do poor boys that one
second one its 2020 dammit and at this
point with how long they've had the
license and with how many games we
bought I think we deserve battle an
initial better effort and let's look at
this tree an apple if you could like
that's that's what I'm talking about
effort that's the kind of effort I like
to see in my games
this cause the same amount as breath of
the wild right yes okay it's good to
know and then say for example if we oh
we could actually step on the tree I'm
pretty impressed with that you've been
look there's clipping like a mother foot
stepping on the tree what else another
thing in the world you could do is
collect food items you can build
machines collect scrap and and think
food but neither of these things are
really worth doing either yeah I'm
making food gives you tiny health point
increases and laughable boosts you can
use them in mid-battle that's useful
oh you were winning
you gotta be [__] kidding me
come on no that was some [__]
[__] punch you - yeah but as it
stands now bosses are a little too easy
it's a little inconsistent they get art
in there very easy I mean maybe don't
punch him and use more of them the beam
attacks oh [__] the what the [__]
we went from ultra hard to ultra easy
and essing it so what the [__] this is
inconsistent you can't tell me no joy
it's just a [__] training level no
that that is inconsistent difficulty
spikes and my experience you don't even
really need to grind I was worried about
that like they might force us to you but
the story missions are enough to give
you a sane amount of experience that
while yes you may be under leveled
compared to bosses by like five levels
it doesn't matter because you can
overcome the fight once you learn the
patterns it's just not challenging it's
like button spam combat but at least you
are driven forward because you want to
see the next cool [__] boss attack
animation one more like at least the
bosses are interesting I do love the
boss bow but Joe I'm not saying nothing
about no boss banners they're good
they're better than xenoverse you know
in sequence and impressive variations
like what we're seeing here the boss
fights the really [__] cool to look
at
[Music]
yes
okay maybe not like that is way better
than that but you know it's just that
the game for every good thing it has a
bad thing the map is terrible things are
too close together to tell where they
are you can't even sue min for [__]
you're gonna constantly bringing up the
big map as you travel the open world and
when you do that it's gonna often say
entering new area and completely throw
you in the law in the wrong place
I do like sort of the open world aspect
of it that I've only over here they're
trying to say something positive it was
like that I think it was just a
transition or level transition and you
quickly realize it's just a bunch of
smaller areas kind of stitched together
poorly popping you out in a weird area
if you're not following the path exactly
closely enough annoying no no no in the
loading my god the loading if you just
get into a particular play pattern you
will see these loading screens a lot
loading after loading it reminded me of
anthem at times
look this much loading is unforgivable
when your game isn't even really that
great to look at I mean look at some of
these textures on the grounds and the
rocks and the trees they're terrible the
backgrounds yeah and look at the local
texture grant low grounds have low
textures yeah it's pretty sad to see
it's like we're zoomed in background the
textures are always thinking for fossils
in the rocky area to the north it's
glitchy too
the games just black screen sometimes
when you're looking at the encyclopedia
I miss that on my recording but it
happened and and sometimes elements will
fail to load and quest givers did what
where there's glitch floating head he's
a land expert yeah probably cuz he could
get close to the animals found them
noticing him what the [__] this guy
failed to load in as well
might cause some trouble later best to
deal with this now at for an RPG there
is not a lot of customization for your
characters you don't get to pick Goku's
clothing like say if you wanted to stick
with your drets digs that he got no you
don't you don't get to go shopping in
the cities for different things come on
we've seen Goku wear a suit before I
know it's rare but at least if we could
do that kind of [__] it will make it
feel like it's my DBZ story more wow
that was quick
ah now that's better at least since it's
an open-world they allow you to go at
your leisure and collect the Dragon
Balls if you want gather them up across
several areas and you can Shump summon
Shenron what would you get for your
first wish I want to fight all these
people again no Z orbs or I want to be
rich that's what I would do I want to be
rich [__] you can wish for rare items
large sums of Z orbs or even revive and
power up enemies you've defeated before
but it's not very creative it 30,000 you
cheap [__] bastard you know which is
that you [__]
it does provide some extra hours of
gameplay you can wish again after 20
minutes and if you collect them again
but progress too far on this story and
the lock off I just wish that would have
done something a little more creative
with it
[Music]
look it's always been my dream and wish
to have an RPG open-world game set in
the DBZ universe and this is exactly
that that the fact that it exists makes
me so happy and it actually makes mega
fans extremely happy that they will over
rate the game and kind of defend it to
death I want to give it a 10
just for an existing that's how much I
like this idea but I can't
and honestly we needed a bit better
especially in 2020
look we've not really gotten this you
know before there was the MMO and
there's like some gameboy games but this
is the first attempt at a real world
open RPG in 3d and it's not exactly at
the top of its game yeah yo what do you
think well you know you you're not
holding the capsule I don't understand
why and I is able to get away with this
whereas you know if this was a western
game with like he's not even only
anything he's not only anything oh oh
he's II heard you what and you didn't
put anything in your back pocket the
[__] they don't really bother to do
new animation background right here look
at that tree look at sex the rocks the
graphics to this is basically you could
get these kinds of graphics from a we
even so I'd still say that this is sort
of the best Superman style game out
there where you control an extremely
powerful character that can fly and it
has insane power levels and breaks
things and you fly past them hopefully
other developers are taking note if only
they do this game again and sort of add
on to the solid foundation take it to
that next
level with either you know being able to
develop your own story ally with Raddatz
or just do Dragon Ball super as it
stands now the final verdict for Dragon
Ball Z Kakarot is a solid six out of ten
it's slightly above average and that's
with some tough love
I could have rated it as high as a seven
if I let the fanboy side blind me but it
is time to get something more fresh out
there and send a signal to the developer
and and publisher that they're on the
right track but they need to catch up
and if they do my god we will have
something truly epic and special the
best DBZ game ever imagine crafting our
own stories or experiencing a new one
until then I'll see you guys on the next
and Joe show and I want to take a moment
to thank our supporting members who
helped to make this review possible this
is the first time I'm debuting this
massive list of names of people who
directly contribute to keep us going
when we go independent thank you guys so
damn much here's to many more together
until then I have things to do and
techniques to learn and you know some
private time I'll see you guys on the
next
hangri Joe show
[Music]
okay that's my fault
I like well isn't that I can't stop
laughing hands on me I'm going to turn
my back on these guys you need some many
lights tastes like piss like I like it
[Music]
yeah